Basic Ruleset for Mini two player version.

Needed materials:
Coin. 
A pair of dice.
The deck of cards. ( amount).

Background: 
There are 6 zones in this game that are valid for cards to be in.
The deck.
The discard pile.
Player 1’s hand.
Player 1’s field.
Player 2’s hand.
Player 2’s field.

Cards and their effects may override parts of the rules. 

The position of cards on the field
Cards in the discard pile, player 1 Field, and player 2 Field are public information. (both players may look at them at any time.)

**Figure 1
 


Game set up: 
Shuffle the deck and place it facedown in the deck zone.
Deal (facedown) 3 cards to each player.
Players roll dice. The player with the higher roll goes first. (If it is a tie, re roll until someone rolls higher).
Game overview:
Players take turns. On a turn, a player draws a card from the deck, and plays a card from their hand (this is an action). Then, their turn ends and the opponents turn begins.
The game ends when the turn player can not draw a card from the deck, ( the deck being empty). At this point, both players add up the total points on their side of the field. The player with the most points, wins.

Optional phases may be chosen to be taken.

Turn:
1)	Draw Phase
Draw a card. 

2)	Resolution phase.
Resolve cards or effects that are mentioned during this phase.

3)	(Optional) Activation phase 1
You can activate effects of cards that you control already faceup on your field.

4)	Action phase
Play a card from your hand to your field faceup.
IF YOU CAN NOT PLAY A CARD: DISCARD ONE CARD AND GO DIRECTLY TO THE END PHASE.

5)	(optional) Activation phase 2
You can activate effects of cards that you control already faceup on your field.

6)	End phase
Your turn is now over and play proceeds to your opponent with their draw phase.

Terminology: 
When played: Do X
Activate X only when this card is played (usually from your hand) as an action.

“Destroy this card”
Send this card to the discard pile (usually from the field.)

“Discard this card”
Send this card (usually from the hand) to the discard pile.
Understanding a card.
Every card has a name and a point value. Some cards also have an effect.

“ (X)  “
This card has a condition that must be met for an effect or activation.

“Send”
Another way of moving cards from zones. This does not destroy the card.

